Edit: Salesforce showcase readme (#13)
bryntum/bryntum-salesforce-showcase: README.md

# Bryntum Salesforce showcase

This application demonstrates how Bryntum components can be used in a Salesforce environment.

## Application structure

The Bryntum Salesforce showcase application creates six static resources, six Lightning Web Components (LWCs), and a Lightning `Bryntum` app.

> An LWC is provided for each Bryntum product: Grid, Scheduler, Scheduler Pro, Gantt, Task Board, and Calendar. Each LWC uses a bundle-specific static resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An LWC is provided for each Bryntum product: Grid, Scheduler, Scheduler Pro, Gantt, TaskBoard, and Calendar. Each LWC uses a bundle-specific static resource.
```

Author: there's a big mix of TaskBoard and Task Board throughout the product pages, docs, etc. We've been standardizing everything to "Task Board" so far, but let me know if it should be the other way around?

Author: Discussed on Slack and we agreed on two words.

![screenshot 2025-01-21 at 18 14 51@2x](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8039b227-442f-4639-8674-b1bdb8516690)
